[Homo Optimization] Optimization on GSF (#686)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/configuration/configuration-run.rst

Node Classification/Regression Specific
.........................................
- **target_ntype**: The node type for prediction.

    - Yaml: ``target_ntype: movie``
    - Argument: ``--target-ntype movie``

>     - Default value: This parameter must be provided by user. If not provided, will be default to "_N", and require homogeneous graph input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Default value: For heterogeneous input graph, this parameter must be provided by the user. If not provided, GraphStorm will assume the input graph is a homogeneous graph and set ``target_ntype`` to "_N".
```

Edge Classification/Regression Specific
..........................................
- **target_etype**: The list of canonical edge types that will be added as a training target in edge classification/regression tasks, for example ``--train-etype query,clicks,asin`` or ``--train-etype query,clicks,asin query,search,asin``. A canonical edge type should be formatted as `src_node_type,relation_type,dst_node_type`. Currently, GraphStorm only supports single task edge classification/regression, i.e., it only accepts one canonical edge type.

    - Yaml: ``target_etype:``
           | ``- query,clicks,asin``
    - Argument: ``--target-etype query,clicks,asin``

>     - Default value: This parameter must be provided by user. If not provided, will be default to ("_N", "_E", "_N"), and require homogeneous graph input.

Reviewer: Ditto
